pyOS training and education announcement blog post (#374)
pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io: _posts/2024-04-16-pyos-open-education-resources-announcement.md

All of our written content is available on the [Learn section of our website](https://www.pyopensci.org/learn.html), where you’ll find resources such as our [Python Packaging Tutorial](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/tutorials/intro.html#), as well as in-depth guides on [Python packaging](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/package-structure-code/intro.html), [documentation](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/documentation/index.html), and [testing](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/tests/index.html).

### Free, online, asynchronous training
<figure>
    <a href="/images/blog/2024/april/pyos-collab-learn.png">
    <img src="/images/blog/2024/april/pyos-collab-learn.png" style="max-width:100%" alt="A woman and a man sitting across from each other at a high table. They are smiling and working on their laptops. The text reads 'Essential Collaboration Skills for Scientists'.">
    </a>
    <figcaption>
      Essential Collaboration Skills for Scientists is just one of the many free, online trainings we're excited to develop and deliver!
    </figcaption>
</figure>

> Our vision for our free, online trainings is for the curriculum to be added to our library of open education resources, making them free, accessible, and published for anyone to use. And we intend to experiment with delivering this curriculum in an asynchronous, cohort-based manner that allows learners from all over the world to come together for a period of time to work through the curriculum together. If you were part of one of the original cohorts of the [R for Data Science Online Learning Community](https://dslc.io/) created by our Community Manager, [Jesse Mostipak](https://github.com/kierisi), then you know that these asynchronous trainings will be thoughtfully crafted, a fantastic learning experience, and a ton of fun!

Reviewer: I love this as it makes us sound like powerhouse. The only thing is the link to the community will take a user away from our site to another organization not related to us. What about turning it into a href like this:

<a href="https://dslc.io/" target="_blank">R for Data Science Online Learning Community</a> 

NOTE: please check in CI that it works but i think it should.that way the other links that take folks away are still related to us.

Author: looks like it worked!

> pyOpenSci is the recipient of the [Better Software for Science Fellowship](https://bssw.io/pages/bssw-fellowship-program), which will help fund the creation of these open educational resources. You can stay up to date with more information on these types of lessons through [our Discourse forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group/) as well as [our mailing list](https://eepurl.com/iM7SOM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pyOpenSci is the recipient of the [Better Software for Science Fellowship](https://bssw.io/fellows/leah-wasser), which will help fund the creation of these open educational resources. You can stay up to date with more information on these types of lessons through [our Discourse forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group/) as well as [our mailing list](https://eepurl.com/iM7SOM).
```

In this workshop, Leah will cover:
- How to identify and explain the use of the basic components of a Python package: (a specific directory structure, an __init__.py file, a pyroject.toml file and some code).
- Creating a basic python package that allows you to install your code into a local Python environment.
- Installing your package in editable mode into a Python environment.

She will also briefly discuss how LLM’s can be used to support tasks such as documenting and formatting your code to improve usability and maintainability. While also considering the ethical and logistical challenges, pitfalls and concerns associated with using AI-based tools in software development.

The course will take place on Thursday, April 25th, from 10AM–1PM Mountain time, and use the Spatial Chat platform. Tickets are $10, and can be purchased on [the workshop’s Eventbrite page](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/from-python-code-to-module-tickets-879586546037?aff=oddtdtcreator). The class size is capped at 35, and tickets are selling fast–we hope to see you there!

## Connect with us!

> You can stay up-to-date with all things pyOpenSci by following us on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pyopensci) and [Fosstodon](https://fosstodon.org/@pyOpenSci), and you can connect with the broader pyOpenSci community on [our Discourse forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group/). And if you’re interested in our weekly newsletter where we share news, blog posts, and monthly updates, [subscribe on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/newsletters/pyopensci-newsletter-7179551305344933888!

Reviewer: looks like this link is missing a closing bracket and as such not rendering. 

You can see what the [page rendered looks like here](https://output.circle-artifacts.com/output/job/c1617bb4-475f-4608-b778-c03ff4ce4726/artifacts/0/_site/blog/pyos-oer-announcement.html)

the page can't be loaded in the direct CI link on the PR for some reason (likely because its dynamically generated?) but you can still get to it by clicking the "middle" circle CI link that says ci/circleci build. and then go to "artifacts" to find a listing of each individual page. from there you can then click on the blog post and view. 
 
<img width="1117" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-16 at 9 04 28 AM" src="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/assets/7649194/9515e841-bb06-432c-a24b-529de6229192">

<img width="947" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-16 at 9 03 54 AM" src="https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/assets/7649194/f9eb96d7-8eb5-4f5c-ab8f-0f66ffe33eab">

```suggestion
You can stay up-to-date with all things pyOpenSci by following us on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pyopensci) and [Fosstodon](https://fosstodon.org/@pyOpenSci), and you can connect with the broader pyOpenSci community on [our Discourse forum](https://pyopensci.discourse.group/). And if you’re interested in our weekly newsletter where we share news, blog posts, and monthly updates, [subscribe on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/newsletters/pyopensci-newsletter-7179551305344933888)!
```

Author: can't believe I missed that one 🤦‍♀️

Reviewer: no worries! It happens to me ALL of the time. I've literally linked to wrong images, forgot i left myself a comment that shouldn't be public, etc. This is all great! that is why reviews can be so nice :) fresh eyes find new things! great work knocking this out!
